# EventAppGroupProject

Problem Statement 
The Tri-Co Calendar Project aims to inform students about current events on campus and throughout the tri-college consortium, enhancing their experiences and ensuring they do not miss out on opportunities. At present, our method of sharing event information lacks organization, leaving many students to rely on chance encounters with things such as emails, posters, or word of mouth. Furthermore, most students are entirely unaware of events taking places on other campuses in the tri-co. We want to eliminate scattered information by consolidating it into a single location. Increased awareness will result in greater event participation and offer additional learning opportunities, exposure to new areas of interest, a deeper sense of community involvement, and personal and professional growth outside the traditional classroom environment. Both event organizers and attendees will benefit as increased awareness leads to greater interest and participation, resulting in an enhanced event experience. 

Description 
Our system will increase students’ awareness of the events going on in the tri-college consortium by maintaining a database of upcoming events. Upon opening the application, the user will be greeted by a list of upcoming events. Furthermore, since we intend to include a wide variety of events, there will be “search” and “filter” features. The user can perform a search by keyword, which will return all events containing the keyword. If the user wants to do a more general search, they can filter by different categories in order to narrow down the number of results shown. For example, the user can filter by date, category of event, and more. Upon finding an event they are interested in, the user can click on the event to get more information, and can RSVP through the application. Furthermore, they can click on the name of the host individual/organization and see all of the upcoming events posted by that person. They can even “follow” a profile in order to be notified of new events posted. 
The database of events will be populated by users who want to publicize their events in order to attract more attendees. For example, students can post upcoming events hosted by their department, club, sports team, affinity group, etc. When posting an event, the user must specify a range of details regarding the event, such as the title of the event, the host, the date and time, the audience, what to bring, a description of the event, and accessibility details for the venue.
